hey what's up guys this is tactics here
and I hate commentaries gotta say that
it's 10 times I'm trying it so basically
I'm bringing you a tutorial on a new
trick shot today you can moonwalk as
much as you want you want actually you
see me doing this in an online movie
right now took me many tries to do what
I finally did it so I and so in order to
do this you should actually move back at
the start of the game and then quickly
change your class at the start menu to a
class that has pistols so you can't
actually move up that and you see if you
can do this shot really easy what's the
only problem and this shot is that it
really goes easy by knifing shooting
switching or anything you do it will go
and you can't do it twice in a same
round only by jumping it will not go so
you see it's just waiting and can't walk
and just do many variations with it and
also by making this video I wanted to
update you guys and telling you I'm
going to trip and won't be online for
like forty days I know I know it's a
long time but that's much like going
anyway and I may I don't know just see
you guys and be
might take me away calculator
coming back now coming back around you
ain't going nowhere so for ya they might
take me away with guess who's back in
town the town feeling graduated when I
dance why you say he's a cool cat you
never know this knife like me I'm more
like one of the fixed dogs living on my
knife fight the past easy man I'm 20-20
hindsight it's just the future I feel
like some fucking blind mice yeah
and I've been down this road before my
purse full of open source would be a jam
to close the doors to get
little hype man that's all I'm hoping
for Michael promise it look at a mecca
over
I'm not right man I'm not telling your
thank you didn't know why you pulling
back the anonymous artist not the
populace talk look I just give you
something new outside the box
so wake up dude your clock is the long
as happy baths rabbits off I said I got
to be sharp
they might take me away
guess that I'm coming back that I'm
coming back around you ain't going
nowhere so put so jackets down Stan they
might take me away but guess who's back
in the Santa cow feeling graduated with
no cap and gown